Enh(doc)reog layout and topic links (#1009)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/integrations/itsm/itsm-overview.md

---
id: itsm-overview
title: ITSM
---

> Send your data to solutions specialized in storing, indexing, or managing vast 

Reviewer: same text as for data analytics

> Doing so allow advanced incident management in a dedicated tool and seamlessly 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so allows for advanced incident management in a dedicated tool, and to seamlessly 
```
